http://www.nytimes.com/2011/10/23/technology/at-waldorf-school-in-silicon-valley-technology-can-wait.html?_r=0
why do silicon valley tech giants not want their kids to learn with technology?
they dish out thousands of $$$ for their children to attend schools based on fostering creativity through physical activity and hands on tasks 
"Those who endorse this approach say computers inhibit creative thinking, movement, human interaction and attention spans."
but these parents are the ones at the computer all day, working for big tech companies with great perks and the freshest organic food in the cafeteria and free yoga classes on site
why do these parents want their children to not grow up with technology?
when these parents were children, they didn't have technology. they grew up with education that coudl be desribed as similar to this Waldorf-esque education.
so it is understandable that parents would want their children to have an education similar to the one they had.

on the flipside, there are parents that see the value in teaching children about technology and programming, and want to start kids coding early (are those parents ones that don't work in tech?... but wish they did?... they want to give their children the best education and they think tech is the future...)

the parents that want their children's education to be free of technology are the same ones who emphasize healthy eating (to the point of being orthorexic?) and prescribe to the latest hip trends? they probably quit coffee for a fresh matcha powder latte

what the fuck is cold pressed juice anyway? why the fuck would you just eat pulverized fruit and vegatables when you wouldn't even eat them whole??

juicing for days is not fucking healthy
i swear if a parent ever made their child do a juice cleanse where all they had for days was juice...

-getting off topic-

so i think that the reason why sv tech parents want their children to grow up devoid of a technology-aided/focused education is that they subconsciously(?) dislike their job and the tech industry, and think it's disingenuine. they are confused, still trying to come up with their beliefs, and their job is probably paying them 6 figures if they live in the fucking valley. but they see promise in their child and want them to grow up pure and able to think for themselves, something the parents still can not do. 
